(Playmaker)
DECODE TALKER...
attack!
(grunting)
No ways,
we're gonna be fragged!
HEATLIO,
bring the heat!
BORRELOAD,
end this now!
(Bit)
You bunglefied it, Boot!
(Boot)
No, you blew it, Bit!
Good riddance program.
(timer beeping)
(screaming)
It appears
we're in the clear now.
But I'm sure Lightning has other
surprises in store for us.
(gasps)
You mean like that?!
Is that an earthquake?
Great, now what's going on?
Mirror LINK VRAINS is merging
with the original!
And the signal just went down
because of course it did!
Time to beta test that program
I installed
in Playmaker's Duel Disk...
Um... that's not good!
Mayday! Mayday!
(grunting)
(groaning)
What are we gonna do?!
Oh, that.
(grunts)
(sighs)
(Klarissa)
We've lost Varis' signal.
(Alec)
And Genome will find it-
correct?
Of course I'll find it.
It's just a matter of how.
(electronic whirring)
Hey, Playmaker,
you 20/20'ing
anybody out there?
I wonder if the others
had as smoother landing as ours?
Oh!
We got incoming from Kolter.
(moaning)
Whew!
That's some intense code.
Nice!
Looks like
everybody's back online
and in one piece.
And now...
to spread the love!
Signals back!
Good work, Genome.
I wish I could take the credit
but this was not my doing.
It appears that
the signal was restored
by Playmaker's hacker friend.
And not a moment too soon.
Who knows what threats
awaits Varis and Spectre.
It's gonna be a lot harder
to track down Lightning by foot.
I'm glad you're gonna be the one
doing all the walking.
We're not going anywhere
for the time being.
What is that?
(groans)
A barrier?
Somebody doesn't want us
joining up with the others.
Does his name rhyme
with frightening?
Yes.
Lightning must be
planning something.
(Windy)
Those force fields
are a waste of resources
if you ask me.
And you should ask me,
you really, really should.
Duly noted, Windy,
but you don't understand humans
like I do.
In particular,
you fail to appreciate the need
that these humans have
to "bond" with each other.
Bond?
You mean like
glue themselves together?
Not literally.
It's a metaphor.
Yet these "bonds"
that humans form can
make them truly powerful.
I see.
Rather than letting them "bond,"
you're keeping the humans apart,
so we can pick them off
one by one by one by one!
Yes, yes, yes, yes.
Clever, clever.
There's one factor
you left out, though.
What factor is that?
The fright factor, of course!
(laughing)
We should allow the humans
to tune in and watch along
as their companions
are deleted bit by byte.
Shock and awe, yes?
Hmm...
an interesting proposition.
It would require us
to broadcast the duels,
however, which is highly
impractical.
Not if we use
outside consultants,
freelancers if you will!
I recently apprehended
the perfect pair
for the job!
(screaming)
I'm so scared, Boss!
What do y' think
this lot want from us?
I dunno, ask them!
Ask away,
but keep the questions quick.
Okay, then quick.
What do you two
want from us two?
Well judging from that camera
on your cranium
you two must be in the shoot
and show biz.
And we need to sneak some peaks
to a couple of peeps.
No, thanks!
We're desperate
but not that desperate!
Windy wasn't making a job offer.
No, no, no, not a job offer,
a job order!
(groaning)
He collared us!
Fail to follow our ABC's
and 123's
and those collars
will zap your traps!
Which would be
quite entertaining
but shocking to say the least.
(crying)
Okay, we're ready
to follow away!
For real?
It sure beats havin' our
bits and bytes blasted
all over this place.
Yeah, I hadn't thought
of it that way.
Good! Then we have a deal.
Let's get ready to roll
in five, four,
three, two,
one!
(gasps)
(Playmaker)
That's Spectre.
It appears he's safe.
(Ai)
But for how long?
I mean, what's with the look-see
of him and only him?
Something stinks here
and it's not me.
Yes, Ai,
this situation is unsettling.
Yeah, like off milk.
(Lightning)
Greetings, Spectre,
and all those tuning in.
It's Lightning!
He has Jin!
Ah, Lightning.
I see you share my taste
for dramatic entrances.
Are you rolling?
Don't you louse this up
or our data's done for!
Okay.
I'll do my best, Boss!
I take it you plan to duel
each of us separately?
Precisely.
And I chose you to be first,
my friend.
I see.
Eradicate that Ignis
once and for all.
The Knights of Hanoi
are counting on you!
I'm honored.
I assume you chose me
because I'm the most
distinguished duelist
in the group.
Not at all.
I chose to duel you first
because my analysis indicates
that you are the weakest.
Then your analysis is incorrect.
Regardless, though,
I'm still honored
to be the first chosen,
because I'll get to be the one
who crushes the leader
of the Ignis!
That outcome is
highly improbable.
In addition to indicating
that you are the weakest
of my human adversaries,
my analysis also indicates
the chance of my losing to you
is non-existent.
And it also indicates
that the chance
that I will enjoy defeating you
is quite existent.
Bravo!
You're even more arrogant
than me.
I can see that we have
much in common.
There is one
significant difference
between the two of us,
however.
Oh?
Believe it or not,
I wasn't always this way.
As a boy,
I was shy and timid.
I grew into my present
personality.
It's quite different for you.
As an A.I.,
your personality
is a mere byproduct
of your programming.
(Lightning scoffs)
(Lightning)
You know nothing about me.
Oh, but I do.
I understand you
thoroughly, Ignis.
Simply put,
I know you better than
you know yourself.
I can perceive your
many strengths
and your biggest weakness.
(grunts)
Would you care to know
your fatal flaw?
It's this: as an Ignis,
you are incapable
of growth or change.
No matter how clever you are
or believe you are,
you will always be limited
by your original programming.
It's quite tragic really.
(Lightning)
You expect me to believe
that you,
an enemy of the Ignis,
feel pity for us?
When the Ignis created
from me was erased,
I unexpectedly
sensed its loss...
and to my great surprise,
I was stirred with emotion.
Does he mean Earth?
It seems so.
I didn't realize Spectre felt
an attachment to him.
Kinda like how you feel all warm
and fuzzy about me?
No.
Oh.
I am still convinced
that the Ignis are a threat
that must be eliminated.
But I am curious
what would have happened
if you had remained
hidden in the Cyberse.
Not that it matters to me,
but would that Ignis
still be in existence-
Perhaps, perhaps not.
You see...
if we had stayed
in the Cyberse,
sooner or later you
and your fellow Knights of Hanoi
would have come to hunt us down.
It was inevitable.
Ignis and humans are
in a fight to the finish.
Only one of us will survive.
And in this duel,
I will be the survivor.
Shall we proceed?
Oh, yes, by all means.
Ready when you are.
Well, then...
Let's duel!
I'll go first.
I'll start by summoning
ARMATOS LEGIO GLADIUS.
(computer chirping)
Next,
GLADIUS's special ability
allows me to draw
ARMATOS COLOSSEUM
from my deck
and activate it!
(rumbling)
Oh, my!
By playing this Field Spell,
I can draw an ARMATOS LEGIO card
from my deck.
Now!
I shall illuminate my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION!
(grunts)
(computer chirping)
Next,
I can activate
ARMATOS COLOSSEUM's
second effect
to resurrect a monster
from my graveyard
and summon it next
to DECURION's link
in defense mode,
all for the simple cost
of discarding
one ARMATOS LEGIO
from my hand.
So I send ARMATOS LEGIO SICA
to the graveyard
to revive my GLADIUS.
(computer chirping)
I now have two monsters in play,
but I can have more!
By sending ARMATOS LEGIO SCUTUM
from my hand to the graveyard,
I can summon
ARMATOS LEGIO SPECULATA!
And I'll use it and GLADIUS
to Link Summon again!
(shooting)
Link 2
ARMATOS LEGIO CENTURION!
(grunting)
(computer chirping)
Lightning's usin'
the same tricks
that beat The Shepherd!
I activate ARMATOS
COLOSSEUM's effect again!
I send this ARMATOS LEGIO
to the graveyard
to resummon GLADIUS and SICA
next to my CENTURION's links.
(computer chirping)
And I'll set
GLADIUS
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon
another ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION!
(computer chirping)
Hmm.
And to cap off this sequence,
I play my spell.
One I'm sure
you're quite familiar with.
Of course.
JUDGMENT ARROWS.
I was wondering when you would
play that card.
You wouldn't be you
without it,
would you?
And I expected nothing less.
Managing to play four monsters
and a Link Spell
in a single turn
is quite impressive.
(Lightning)
Are you implying
that my turn is done?
Your implications are incorrect.
I set ARMATOS LEGIO SICA
and CENTURION
in the Link Arrows.
I Link Summon!
Link 2
ARMATOS LEGIO PRIMI ORDINES!
But that's not all.
PRIMI ORDINES's special ability
summons an ARMATOS LEGIO
from my graveyard.
(computer chirping)
And it allows me
to fulfill the requirements
to illuminate my circuit
for a fifth time!
(shooting)
I Link Summon.
Link 2
ARMATOS LEGIO PILUS PRIOR!
(computer chirping)
When PILUS PRIOR
is Link Summoned,
I can banish a card
from my deck
for every co-linked
monster on my field.
And then on my next turn,
I get to add those
banished cards to my hand.
Therefore, I banish three cards.
But that's only part one.
Its second ability revives
an ARMATOS LEGIO
from my graveyard.
Come, GLADIUS!
(computer chirping)
(gasps)
Well, well, well...
You brought new monsters
for this duel.
Yes.
And the old ones
help just as well.
For my sixth and final
Link Summoning,
I set ARMATOS LEGIO GLADIUS
in the Link Arrow
to Link Summon
ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION!
(grunts)
(computer chirping)
What's this?
Ai, look at the field.
Huh?
What for?
(Playmaker)
All of Lightning's cards
are connected together
into an Extra Link.
That means Lightning occupies
both Extra Monster Zones.
(Ai)
And that means Spectre
can't Link Summon
even if he wants to!
He's wrapped Spectre up
like a birthday present!
This isn't looking good
for Spectre.
(Aqua)
No, it isn't.
(groans)
Looks like this duel's
gonna end quick.
No kiddin'.
Spectre hasn't
played a single card
and he's already in trouble.
(Lightning)
As you humans say,
practice makes perfect.
So I ran millions of simulations
of your previous duels
and learned that even when you
load your deck with new cards,
you never alter
your core strategy
of summoning Link Monsters.
And I've crushed your ability
to do so.
Yes, you have.
But we humans have
another saying.
Nobody's perfect.
And that...
applies to you as well,
And you're about to learn
that firsthand.
My friend,
you still think you can win
when logic says you cannot?
Yes, I do.
Since Spectre's deck
relies on Link Monsters,
he has no chance
unless he breaks apart
that Ignis's Extra Link.
But how is he supposed
to accomplish that?
I don't know.
So let's hope Spectre does.
It's my turn.
I draw!
First,
I summon SUNSEED GENIUS LOCI.
(computer chirping)
Now that I have a Plant-Type
monster on my field...
I'm allowed to also summon
SUNSEED SHADOW from my hand.
(computer chirping)
Now usually I would use these
two monsters
to Link Summon,
but I unfortunately cannot.
Because I need an open
Extra Monster Zone
to Link Summon
but your monsters
have occupied them both.
Oh, well.
Yes,
if you can't summon
your Link Monsters,
your deck is useless
because all your other monsters
have zero attack points.
And that fatal flaw will,
logically, lead to your defeat.
You're absolutely right.
If I analyzed my previous duels
as thoroughly
as you obviously have,
I'd have reached
the same conclusion.
Yes...?
So what if I did analyze
my previous duels?
Why, I would completely
rethink my strategy
before facing you,
wouldn't I?
I would come up with
new ideas and tactics.
For example,
JUDGMENT ARROWS
is a very powerful card
that would surely help me.
Yes, it would.
But you don't have one.
No, I don't.
But I have this!
I pay 800 life points...
(timer beeping)
to activate the spell
SUNVINE PLUNDER!
It allows me to take
control of your spell card-
meaning JUDGMENT ARROWS
is mine!
What?
What I don't own,
I'll just simply
steal from you.
Nice, Spectre.
Very well done.
He just yoinked it?
It's a simple,
yet effective tactic.
Now that JUDGMENT ARROWS
is in my possession...
it opens up new strategies
that I couldn't
possibly use before
because I never had this card.
And it's all thanks to you.
You guessed that I would play
that card,
so you were ready to turn it
to your advantage.
(Spectre)
Guessed?
More like I knew.
You Ignis may pretend
to be sophisticated,
calculating creatures
but in the end,
you're like all other programs-
predictable and formulaic.
But there was one thing
I didn't anticipate.
I didn't know
you could program arrogance.
Because even a human
without a nose
would have sniffed
out this strategy.
I mean, why are you so upset?
Isn't that the only
logical conclusion,
my friend?
No, it's not logical at all,
my friend.
Oh, very well.
Anyway since I now control
JUDGMENT ARROWS...
your monsters aren't
Extra Linked.
Don't the rules state
that I can Link Summon
if the Extra Link's broken?
Yes.
That's Great!
Then watch as I manifest
my circuit!
I Link Summon!
Link 2 SUNAVALON DAPHNE!
(computer chirping)
Now that I have
a SUNAVALON monster
on my field...
I can activate the spell
SUNVINE SHRINE
by sending a card in my hand
to the graveyard.
Due to SUNVINE SHRINE's effect,
I can summon a Level 4
or lower Plant-Type monster
from my graveyard.
Now rebloom,
SUNSEED GENIUS LOCI!
However...
(computer chirping)
this seed won't be
sticking around for long.
Since I'm using it
to Link Summon again!
I Link Summon!
Link 1 SUNVINE THRASHER!
(computer chirping)
When THRASHER is linked
to SUNAVALON DAPHNE,
it gains 800 attack points
from each of its links.
SUNAVALON DAPHNE has two links.
So my THRASHER gains
(timer beeping)
1600 attack points.
Now go!
Attack ARMATOS LEGIO DECURION!
Don't forget...
that I now have control
of your JUDGMENT ARROWS!
So when my Link
Monster battles,
its attack points are doubled!
(grunts)
(timer beeping)
Oh, I haven't forgotten.
That's why I'll activate
PRIMI ORDINES's special ability!
For every co-linked monster
on my field,
I take 1000
fewer points of damage.
Add it all together
and I take no damage
from your attack.
Yes, that's true
but your monster
will still be destroyed.
(grunts)
And when my THRASHER
destroys your monster
in battle,
I get to take control
of that monster
and summon it next
to my SUNAVALON's link!
(computer chirping)
And now I'll attack
your DECURION
with the DECURION I stole!
The only difference is,
JUDGMENT ARROWS
doubles my DECURION's
(timer beeping)
attack points.
(grunting)
But due to
PRIMI ORDINES's ability,
I still take no damage.
Yes- that is your
one saving grace.
But not anymore.
I activate my spell
SUNVINE CROSS BREED!
By tributing a Link Monster
on my field,
I can bring back a Plant-Type
monster from my graveyard
by negating
its special abilities.
So I'm exchanging my DECURION
for SUNSEED GENIUS LOCI!
And I'll use it...
to manifest my circuit!
I now Link Summon!
Link 1 SUNAVALON DRYAS!
And since you've analyzed
(computer chirping)
-millions of my duels, was it?-
you must know that
whenever I take damage,
DRYAS's special ability
lets me summon
a SUNVINE Link Monster
from my Extra Deck
and regain life points
equal to the damage that I took.
(gasps)
Or in other words,
Spectre stole control
of the duel with his DRYAS!
True,
but there's still
a lot of duel left.
The outcome is far from decided.
(laughs)
(electronic whirring)